Update artifact names and descriptions (#262)
oasislabs/docs: src/operators/running-node-on-amber-network.md

  the genesis file of the network.
* `p2p.pem`: The node's private key for libp2p. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `p2p_pub.pem`: The node's public key for libp2p.

> * `sentry_client_tls_identity.pem`: The node's TLS private key for
>   securing gRPC connections. **DO NOT SHARE**
> * `sentry_client_tls_identity_cert.pem`: The node's TLS certificate for
>   securing gRPC connections.

Author: ```suggestion
* `sentry_client_tls_identity.pem`: The node's TLS private key for
  communicating with sentry nodes. **DO NOT SHARE**
* `sentry_client_tls_identity_cert.pem`: The node's TLS certificate for
  communicating with sentry nodes.
```
